("She Bangs The Drums")
(upbeat rock music)
♪ I can feel the earth begin to move ♪
♪ I hear my needle hit the groove ♪
♪ And spiral through another day ♪
♪ I hear my song begin to say ♪
♪ Kiss me where the sun don't shine ♪
♪ The past was yours ♪
♪ But the future's mine ♪
♪ You're all out of time ♪
♪ I don't feel too steady on my feet ♪
♪ I feel hollow I feel weak ♪
♪ Passion fruit and holy bread ♪
♪ Fill my guts and ease my head ♪
♪ Through the early morning sun ♪
♪ I can see her here she comes ♪
♪ She bangs the drums ♪
♪ Have you seen her have you heard ♪
♪ The way she plays there are no words ♪
♪ To describe the way I feel ♪
♪ How could it ever come to pass ♪
♪ She'll be the first she'll be the last ♪
♪ To describe the way I feel ♪
♪ The way I feel ♪
♪ Have you seen her have you heard ♪
♪ The way she plays there are no words ♪
♪ To describe the way I feel ♪
♪ How could it ever come to pass ♪
♪ She'll be the first she'll be the last ♪
♪ To describe the way I feel ♪
♪ The way I feel ♪
♪ Have you seen her have you heard ♪
♪ The way she plays there are no words ♪
♪ To describe the way I feel ♪
♪ How could it ever come to pass ♪
♪ She'll be the first she'll be the last ♪
♪ To describe the way I feel ♪
♪ The way I feel ♪